I just came back from school and today's
Friday but this Friday is different from
every other Friday at school for me
today there was a lockdown in my school
I go to Lanikai as in Delray Beach and I
was in my second period class which
English with a lot of other kids and the
next thing you know the principal goes
on the PA and says her lockdown so we
thought it was a drill and we were
taking the test so we didn't turn off
the lights and what you have to do is
you're supposed to turn off the lights
close your blinds put paper on the door
so no one from see inside and lock your
doors and be quiet well we didn't do
that because we didn't really take it
that serious and we were taking our test
the next thing you knew two officers
came in one had a gun in his hand and he
was telling us does everyone okay is
anything going on and my teacher
responded no nothing's going on so a lot
of kids get started out but I really
didn't have any I wasn't really scared
or nervous I just kind of thought maybe
it's a little small little checkup thing
going on because yesterday there was a
shooting in Illinois and I think now
there's a seven dead which is really sad
that that had to happen and this is kind
of a coincidence that something's
happening in our school we had no idea
what's going on after half an hour we
seen police's with assault rifles and
pistols just walking around the school
and choppers were flying around and we
didn't know what was going on no one
told us anything and our principal went
on a couple of times telling us to go in
the lockdown my teacher didn't know
what's going on either
so my friends were texting and they were
texting and someone said that two
officers coming in looking for for kids
with armed rock are weapons and we
didn't know what was going on to tell
you the truth our school was in lockdown
for about two hours once that ended a
principal went on air and on the
television told us to don't worry about
it that the lockdown sending a lot of
rumors have spread as some said that
someone got shot in the football field
some people were saying that there was
kids with guns running around the
schools getting chase what it turned out
to be was there was a freshman at her
school and he did a little prank call -
as an anonymous caller and said
there was only four kids with our
weapons coming to school doing some
shooting and their principal as an Iraq
reaction hearing to that news obviously
took the best action which is to put the
school on lockdown keep the kids safe so
a lot of cops came in with canines and
rifles and I heard there was sniper ISM
I heard there was police officers on top
of the portables looking around they're
all looking for people and it turned out
was a prank call from a freshman he did
it because he was mad at one of his
teacher I just checked the news report
online and said that he has been
expelled and charged false calling of
false information and he's getting that
picked out with the experience was
different once I heard the principal got
on the air talking about some evacuation
I thought to myself okay something is
happening but what is happening there we
don't want evacuate the building he's
done the police officers led us it was
different a lot of kids were scared
I kept the cool I had some kids who call
their parents in their haunts they
thought they were gonna die but of
course I kept that in the back of my
head that what happens if something
happens I have to be ready and my plan
was to run out of the room and jump the
fences in the back of the school I mean
if you're in that situation you don't
know what you're thinking I've never
been in the situation where as they do
with guns I mean we didn't know those
false you know we didn't know that it
was all a paint call but um it's really
weird especially it's been right after
the shooting at a school and whatever
happened at Virginia Tech was definitely
not a good thing and you know why does
he fear in that position you don't know
you think things in your head but thank
God nothing happened and after that we
went through our irregular schedule and
definitely the kid who did the prank
call is seriously a dick I mean that's
not even funny
seriously that jokes like that don't
even make that's over the limit that's
not even funny I mean insulting each
other compared to this making it such a
big deal it's not funny
especially something happened something
horrible happened the day before it's
not funny and I read the report said
that he felt no remorse he didn't
apologize
I think throughout the whole thing we
just we just applause stupid